I’ve tried everything
to get Jade to a meeting . . .
It’s every Thursday and Sunday,
and I think
—I think you’d really enjoy it.
I can’t promise anything.
It would be nice if you could come.
I might just text her,
actually, just to remind her.
OK, yeah, excellent.
Have you tried bringing
other people on the study?
. . . well, maybe not everything.
What are you doing
tomorrow afternoon?
Hi.
This is Abigay.
Oh.
Hi, Abigay.
Sorry, let me kill that.
It’s been a long time since I hear them!
You know that band?
Know them?
I used to see them all the time
before I became a Witness.
No way!
You like that kind of music?
You don’t believe me?
Oh, this bag, it’s so big!
I can’t find anything.
Abigay?
Ah, when I was young . . .
You were in a band?
“The sun shines so sweet.”
Ah, I love that song!
I actually have that vinyl.
So I’ll be gone next week.
OK.
But I’ll have someone else
take care of the study, OK?